hey what's going on guys Osric here and
i got a match on the map carbon carbon
is one of these maps that I've kind of
grown a little bit of love for you know
I really did struggle with this map in
the beginning because it's hard to hold
down the position because there's so
many flank routes but once you start
understanding spawns and all the traffic
patterns it can get a little bit easier
for you as long as you don't come up
against the full party because the full
party's gonna spawn trap the hell out of
you but this is not a B score whatsoever
and I've always said on my channel I
don't care about these scores I don't
even care if I go flawless I'm gonna
upload the games that I enjoy playing
and let me tell you a little bit about
this game this game I'll stand against
the worst camping little I don't even
want to say what they are but the worst
little campers you can ever dream up I
mean hiding in corners laying down prone
and this match was no exception that
we're still doing it but I ended up
beasting on him pulled out 30 plus kills
on him and luckily I stayed under 10
bets a couple of matches before this I
was I was getting my stuff pushed in if
you feel what I'm saying see right here
fuck you're bouncing betty and i get
this guy drop shot hit fire drop shot on
this guy give me those tags son but what
i'm using here the gun is the mp5 mp5 is
a gun that a lot of people say isn't
very good and I beg to differ I actually
like the mp5 it's like a it's a better
up close version of the ump45
I like to use the ump45 on maps that
require a little bit more range where
you're gonna have to get into some
mid-range engagements every now and then
and I like to use the mp5 on maps that
require a lot of close quarter combat
such as carbon this map in my opinion
might be the best map to use the mp5 I
might be forgetting some maps off the
top of my head but you see right here
it's pretty good up close you know I
don't lose very many gunfights when I
use this gun and they're right up in my
face you know there's always things like
the mp7 you know you have these other
fast shooting things but I'm not I'm not
a huge fan of the fast shooting
submachine guns I mean I understand you
can pretty much do well with any
submachine gun in close quarters they're
all really good there
really balance to be honest with you
just like the assault rifles the assault
rifles are all interchangeable and you
can use every single gun on this game
you can even use the light machineguns
guys they're not bad and I proved it
some other videos but I recently went
back and I was using the L I think it's
the L 86 it's the first LMG and I
actually went back and uh doing work
right here check this out I got my pay
blow right here without even having to
stop and call on my killstreaks so I
thought that was pretty sweet I got kind
of lucky to be honest with you I just
got a finished phone I'll tell you how I
did it in a sec look back to the l86 I
was using the L 86 and I found a really
good setup with it and I found out some
really good perk perch and attachments
for it so I'll be showing you guys that
sometime in the future I haven't forgot
about the classes session either guys I
just want that series to be perfect
which is why I'm taking a lot of time on
it I to be honest with you I haven't
worked on it much I've laid the
groundwork for it and I've got the ideas
out for it I know exactly what I want to
do I just haven't put put the tracks
down on it yes so just be able to look
out for that in the future I just need
to actually really sit down and spend a
couple hours you know on a weekend and
and just make sure it's perfect before I
actually start releasing some of those
I'm gonna start off slow I'm gonna start
off on some of the maps that you guys
already know but let's talk a little bit
about what these guys are doing right
here my strategy I was using my what I
consider the best Russian class for
Perks that is the best Russian class in
modern warfare 3 which is going to be
either sleight of hand or scavenger in
the first year assassin in the second
tier in dead silence in the third tier I
find personally that dead silence is
essential for running around you know I
do like to use steady aim don't get me
wrong steady aim would be the optimal
you know if in a perfect world if you
could put steady aim on an quick-draw
that'd be great but the fact of the
matter is it's not a perfect world
people call in UAVs religiously so you
have to use assassin in this game if you
plan on moving at all and I look at this
get off the ground man but yeah I find
that using assassin is essential and
also I find that people like to wait
around on you as you see this guy right
here just waiting the fact the fact is
is I was just pounding
guys they knew I was rushing into him
and they knew that they couldn't defend
themselves so they have no they had no
choice but to sit in the corner and wait
and you know that's fine and dandy by me
that just means it's gonna be easier for
me to kill you but they do get their
cheap kills every now and now and then
which is why it's frustrating but I find
that dead silence is essential because
people do like to sound for you in this
game and it's a big big part of
everyone's game there's a lot of people
on Xbox as well as ps3 who use headsets
nowadays so you know people who use
headsets you've got to have dead silence
there's a lot of maps maps like c-town
maps like fallen are really really big
soundboard maps because when you're
running over the grass and you're
running on the ground you can hear your
enemy coming a mile away
and I personally abuse it I seriously
guys i abused the sound in this game a
lot of a lot of my kills that I get are
because I hear people coming I'm using
the Recon of not only the UAVs up but
knowing the enemy teams position but I'm
also using the sounds in this game to my
maximum advantage so what I like to do
is I like to take away that advantage
from the enemy team and I find it it's
actually really helped my game out as
far as Russian goes I'm trying to stay
away from the camping a little bit
because in this game I find it does take
a little bit more you know fast reaction
times than black ops because of the fact
that you die so fast so I'm figuring out
that I can actually abuse this and I can
take advantage because a lot of people
don't have the reaction time to be
extremely successful as rushing and you
know when you pop up in the face can
they can't always take you out in a
split second so I try to you know work
the maps in a way and use those extra
speed advantages from the SMGs to
basically manipulate things into my
favorite
see right here when I'm really close I
always like to hit fire and I die here a
couple times you said I don't know why
the hell this guy was running the right
show but you see a couple times I make a
mistake and I'm gonna show you a big one
right here and this is a problem with
trying to sound more people is I know
there's a guy over here somewhere and I
heard footsteps but it was my teammate
loud as hell running behind me and
instead of letting him move forward
letting him basically clear the area for
me clear a path I just rushed in there
blind and I got taken out now let me
help you guys understand something as
well as far as footsteps go there is
another reason I like moving around a
lot with SMG use only I don't like
running around with assault rifles
anymore it's because when you run around
with the SMG your footsteps are very
soft it's hard to hear you but when you
have an assault rifle your footsteps are
extremely loud and even more so with
LMGs
but I hope you guys enjoyed this
gameplay and also hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend peace